# OpenAEV renaming

!!! info ""

    * **Deprecated in**: `OpenBAS 1.18.20`
    * **Removed in**: `OpenAEV 2.0.0`

## Description of changes

A lot of processes have been automated, but there are still small modifications to do manually.

**OpenAEV namespace renaming**

All our Docker images have been moved to a new namespace. If you're using one of them, be careful to load them from the new [Docker repository](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=openaev)

**OpenAEV configuration migration**

Check configuration consistency for SAML and global variables if used in your platform properties or environment variables.

**CrowdStrike Response Scripts renaming**

Check configuration consistency for CrowdStrike if used in your platform properties or environment variables.

**Agent updates**

Agent folders on Assets are automatically updated from OpenBAS to OpenAEV, except for agents that were installed as User services through the Advance installation tab.

To avoid losing any data, the attack logs and execution files have not been deleted and are preserved in the old OpenBAS agent folder.
During the reinstallation of the new OpenAEV agent, a new agent is created on OpenAEV, rendering the old OpenBAS agents obsolete.


## Migration guide

**OpenAEV namespace renaming**

- If you're using our official [docker compose](https://github.com/OpenAEV-Platform/docker), be sure to use the platform image from the new OpenAEV Docker repository.

**OpenAEV Configuration migration**

- It should be automatic, but if you have any issues during startup, check if your configuration has been correctly synced with all new variables into the [documentation](../../deployment/configuration.md).
- If you use the SAML, be careful with the renaming variable names from OPENBAS_PROVIDER_XXX, to OPENAEV_PROVIDER_XXX. You can find more details on the [documentation](../../deployment/authentication.md).

**CrowdStrike Response Scripts renaming**

- If you use CrowdStrike Agents, be careful with the renaming variable response script names from "OpenBAS Subprocessor (XXX)"
  , to "OpenAEV Subprocessor (XXX)". You can find more details on the [documentation](../../deployment/ecosystem/executors.md#crowdstrike-falcon-agent).

**Minio default bucket renaming**

- If you currently use the default bucket name "openbas", it will be updated to "openaev". You will need to either migrate your existing bucket or set the MINIO_BUCKET environment variable to specify the correct bucket for OpenAEV to use.

**Elastic/OpenSearch default index renaming**

- The default index prefix will change from "openbas" to "openaev". Please remove old "openbas" indexes after migration to free up space in your Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster.

**Agent updates**

!!! warning

    These tasks are only to be performed for agents installed as User services.

- Follow this [link](../../usage/openaev-agent.md) to uninstall (follow the instruction at the end of your operating system table) your OpenBAS Agent, and to install the new OpenAEV Agent.